Update tuya.markdown with instructions for new user code functionality (#31212)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tuya.markdown

You need to have the Tuya Smart or Smart Life app installed, with an account created and
at least one device added to that account.

> ### Obtaining User Code for sign-in
> To sign-in, you will need to get your **User Code** from the Smart Life /
> Tuya Smart app. You can find it by opening the app and:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Obtaining User Code for sign-in

To sign-in, you will need to get your **User Code** from the Smart Life /
Tuya Smart app. You can find it by opening the app and:
```

> 1. On the tab bar, tap **Me**
> 2. In the top-right corner, tap the **⚙️ (gear)** icon
> 3. Tap **Account and Security**
> 4. At the bottom, **User Code** will be shown
> 5. Enter this in Home Assistant exactly as shown (it is case-sensitive)

Reviewer: Removed step 5, as the user isn't there yet at this point.

```suggestion
1. On the tab bar, select **Me**.
2. Select the **⚙️ (gear)** icon in the top-right corner.
3. Tap **Account and Security**.
4. At the bottom, **User Code** will be shown; you need to when setting up this integration.
```
